audacity also known as Oh doc
it all started here the day it was
created by in the eighties a soldier in
the bacon crawl the mud swallow locusts
adapted to the trouble some way out of
focus got the trees keep them smoking
got the drinks crack them open Jade ass
booze man they just bad news suckers
want beef in they get they don't broke
it cuts wings what a hammer it's got
five fingers hit you and your grill now
it's cracking five pieces bona fide
leases better check the soundscapes cuz
my Styles cooler than the snowman's
better no man Oh swanky like you to love
it but no you can't change me can't fade
me better join in first you better know
this I'm your huckleberry patch my
groovy I'm your huckleberry let's try to
be oh I'm your huckleberry that's right
baby i'm your huckleberry yes my Ruby
that's why
the cops trying to catch me and knows
who try to match me only team match in
yo face in my ass I gotta stay stiff
your race and like shark place a few
bars to make your head Bob stay on top
magma like hi mama you hide give me a
lip-lock Slava stay running clock stays
running only talking dirt your sit there
and say nothing I stay stunning Rasta
smoo booze you stay bummy brown bagging
the booze Oh d.o.c baby find me in the
West see a baby dings all crazy fashion
so Swayze the way your rock melis and
makes you go crazy crazy crazy crazy
because I'm your huckleberry patch guy
to me oh I'm your huckleberry that's my
creepy oh I'm your huckleberry that's my
baby oh I'm your huckleberry yes my
I gotta keep my dukes up just in case
your pants try to do some adrenaline
starts pumping all you little suckers
can't do nothing i'm representing
callaghan props in the price give it a
second to set it cuz in the second my
essence gonna hit you like bullets make
it move into motion release serotonin
like them ecstasy doses i'm calling the
shots always rocking the squats mo up
and the night i'll be dropping it hot
take a dirt on my shoulder got a murder
you poses your boys ferocious man i
pulled those a soldier meets is
explosive it's a music exclusive illness
included old doc is the truest keeping
the groovy keeping it groovy dropping
the groovy because I'm your hug alert
that's right groovy oh I'm your
huckleberry that's right groovy oh I'm
your huckleberry that's right creepy oh
I'm your huckleberry let's try groovy
that's
I'm your huckleberry movie I'm your
huckleberry movie no I'm your
huckleberry groovy
I'm your huckleberry groovy that's right
Oh doc
you